[Music]
gravity you heartless so-and-so well
that's what I think when I trip over a
stone and fall face down of course I'm
not clumsy you know anyway
gravity is a constant right something
entirely unshakable that we can always
rely on in this ever-changing world
unlike you know love feeling romantic
sorry but what if I told you that it's
not as honest and clear as you think
there are places on our planet where
gravity behaves like it's gone crazy and
that's why you clicked here so let's
take a look
magnetic hill in leh India there's a
stretch of road in India that's been
attracting tourists from all over the
world it's no different looking from the
surrounding landscape and you could
easily pass it by without noticing if
not for one very unusual and a bit
creepy thing if you stop your car on the
magnetic hill going up the slope and put
it on neutral it'll start crawling
upwards eventually reaching the speed of
up to 12 miles per hour
they say there's some sort of magnetic
force at work here that tugs cars up the
hill has the name on top of that even
airplanes are said to gain altitude
above this place
skeptics offer another explanation
though it's just the lay of the land
that creates an illusion of going
upwards well in fact you're moving down
the hill and vice versa
whatever the truth I'd like to see it
for myself
would you tow me down in the comments
the crooked forest Poland near the
village of novochernorechensky
those scientists offer different
theories about the trees weird growth
nobody can say for sure what made them
look like that
some say it's people who did it while
others believe it's a gravity
no anomaly that somehow pushed the trees
down the trouble with this version
though is that it would have had to stay
there for years and that only affected
the trees still no certain explanation
exists anyways so who knows a waterfall
Faroe Islands ever seen an upward moving
waterfall you can have a look at one on
the Faroe Islands half way from Iceland
to Scotland but if you were expecting me
to tell you an unbelievable story about
a mysterious force pushing the water up
the rock then sorry no such thing here
the truth however is quite jaw-dropping
anyway the winds in this place are so
powerful that they lift the water and
throw it back up I guess it was this
kind of wind that allowed Mary Poppins
to travel on her umbrella sounds good in
fact this waterfall is not unique there
are several more places on earth where
winds create an illusion of defy gravity
for example there's the kinder river in
England that has a waterfall constantly
struggling with the wind it's so strong
that half of the cascades water seems to
just fly up without ever touching the
bottom of the drop Hoover Dam in Nevada
USA if you ever get up to the top of the
dam which is about 726 feet high you can
try a little trick take a bottle of
water and pour it over the edge you'll
see the water flow up instead of
spilling down once again this isn't
really any magic or unnatural phenomenon
the wind up here is simply too strong
for the water to fall just like with the
waterfall in the Faroe Islands here
though it looks even more impressive
since you can do it yourself the okapi
Road South Korea another gravitational
anomaly located on a road locals once
found out that if you put an empty can
or a
on the ground it will immediately start
rolling uphill
unlike other such places in the world
though the cobby road doesn't just
create an illusion when you walk down
the slope you don't feel as if you're
going up everything's pretty normal but
once you put down an object that can
draw it will do that in the opposite
direction than it should local
authorities were quick to get the idea
and put a signpost directing curious
tourists to the mysterious Road Golden
Rock Burma if you happen to be in Burma
these days it's also called Myanmar make
sure to visit this well-known site a
gold leaf covered Boulder sits upon the
edge of a cliff and a small pagoda is
built on top of it the impressive thing
about the rock is that it only lightly
touches the cliff for support in fact it
looks like the boulder will fall any
minute now but it has been standing like
that for centuries on top of that the
pagoda built upon it is not really a
recent addition so it's quite an unusual
sight to see the rock seems to be saying
gravity hmm I don't care about that
stuff the legend has it that what keeps
the boulder in place is a single strand
of Buddhist hair well I don't know about
that but you can check out the rock for
yourself and see that it's not attached
to the cliff by anything and yet it's
not budge for 2,500 years something must
be at work here huh stone of do vasco
argentina if there ever was a thing that
said i define gravity out loud it's the
stone of da Vaska the huge 300 ton
boulder stands precariously on the edge
of a cliff and rocks a little bit from
side to side in the wind
people even checked it by putting glass
bottles under one of its edges they
exploded with another movement of the
rock unfortunately today you can't see
this wonder of nature as it was a
century ago in 1912 the boulder suddenly
dropped from its perch which it had
occupied for literally hundreds of years
the people in the nearby town of tandel
were so sad about
event that 95 years leader in 2007 they
decided to restore the stone
well not exactly put it together chip by
chip they made a plastic replica of the
rock and put it on the same spot and
even in the same position so even today
coming by tandem you can see it's famous
balancing Boulder for of a symbol now of
course because it's no longer rocking it
only weighs 9 times but instantly
recognizable nonetheless Devils Tower in
Wyoming USA remember this place from the
movie Close Encounters of the Third Kind
if not you should go watch it but not
right now this place doesn't make you
feel like you're witnessing some magic
and doesn't really trick gravity right
before your eyes sounds almost boring
compared with the rest of the sights on
my list right but the true mind-blowing
feature of Devil's Tower is that
scientists can explain how it came to
existence in the first place you see
it's an eight hundred sixty seven foot
rock formation with a wall so steep
they're basically vertical but that
isn't even the main thing this piece of
stone just rose amid rolling plains of
Wyoming with nothing like it for miles
and miles around
so how is it that such a flat landscape
could have suddenly given birth to
something so tall theories abound but
nobody has the answer yet my theory well
perhaps here is where the earth has a
giant outie belly button well then
you'll come up with a better theory
Oregon vortex USA the House of Mystery
in Gold Hill Oregon amazes its visitors
with gravity defying effects you can't
stand straight they're always leaning to
the side and having to hold on to
something for balance balls roll upwards
and there's also a broom that stands
perfectly still wherever you put it
unlike virtually everything else in the
shack
the local Native American tribes called
this place the forbidden ground even
before the house was built there and
they avoided approaching it the owners
of the shack though decided to turn it
into an attraction and they succeeded
they created an atmosphere of mystery
around the place and spread the news
about it in newspapers and later on the
internet and voila a perfect anomaly is
made in fact it's no more than a
curiosity a human-made optical illusion
that tricks your eyes and other senses
well whatever Hudson Bay Canada okay
we've talked about some pretty ambiguous
stuff but now it's time for the real
deal the Hudson Bay anomaly this is
probably the only place in the world
where gravity is indeed lower than
anywhere else on the planet even
skeptics can't smirk at it because the
difference has been measured with
precision equipment so doesn't mean that
the gravity here is as low as saying on
the moon then unfortunately or is it
luckily I'm not sure yet
the difference is minuscule the exact
value is 0.005 percent or 1/2 hundredths
of a percent you won't be able to feel
it even if you try your hardest but it's
still there scientists say this anomaly
exists because of the ice sheet that
covered the area about 10,000 years ago
it compressed the rocks so much that
they still can't fully recover shifting
the gravitational field in Hudson Bay
sometime in the future though the
gravity will return to normal in this
area as well
no moonwalk for me then hey if you learn
something new today then give this video
a like and share it with a friend
but don't go watch Close Encounters of
the Third Kind just yet why because we
have over 2,000 cool videos for you to
check out here just click on this left
or right video and enjoy stay on the
bright side of life